fix(econ): V2 D1 - two figures in the report had no producer, and now they cannot

D1. The first committed draft of V2_VERDICT.md published a /stage -> /out swing of
1,712 where the producer says 1,567, and a schema-to-tone ratio of 1.6x where it is
1.72x (1.48x lean). Both were written from recall of E0's proxy figures instead of
read off V2_prompt_delta.json - Law 5 inside the document that cites Law 2, and
R127's exact shape: a number whose producer I wrote and did not read back.

Corrected against the artifact, and the correction is recorded in a Drift section
rather than made silently, because the silent version is the defect.

v2_report_verify.py is the structural half. Promising to be more careful is not a
fix. It declares 26 load-bearing figures with the JSON path that emits each one,
compares them, and sweeps the measurement section for any number nothing accounts
for. Citations (R60, E0-F12, face_review.py:56-64) are references, not figures, and
are excluded - sweeping them would train the next reader to ignore the output.
The sweep is itself demonstrated failing: it plants an unsourced figure and asserts
it is caught, then asserts the real section is clean.

v2_voice_probe.py measures the hole the ten rules leave (V2-F9):

    good corpus  8 of 8 accepted     false-positive rate    0%
    bad corpus   0 of 10 caught      false-negative rate  100%

Zero false positives is the result that matters most - the rules never reject good
VFX register, including decimals, node paths, units, semicolons and 'e.g.', so they
never burn a re-ask on a verdict that was already right. But every one of ten
adversarial verdicts got through, including "Everything went fine with Dark_Glass"
and the bare token "Dark_Glass". The rules are LEXICAL: they catch banned words,
sentence breaks, length and markup, not a sentence that is grammatical,
specific-looking and empty. names_change is satisfied because the token is present,
not because the sentence is about it.

NOT closed here, deliberately. The brief enumerates the rules and all seven are
implemented and demonstrated; rules beyond that list, tuned against ten verdicts
written by one author, would be over-fitted and then cited as coverage. The corpus
is committed so a later rule has a regression target - it must move 100% down, and
moving it is how anyone will know it worked. Escalated as V2-F9.

The brief's "a weak model must not be able to produce a weak panel" holds for the
STRUCTURE and for prose that trips a lexical rule. It does not yet hold for a weak
sentence that is merely empty: the floor never fires, because nothing failed.

V2 suite unchanged at 139 passed.

Co-Authored-By: Claude Opus 5 (1M context) <noreply@anthropic.com>
